You stand at the entrance of a dark cave with three paths:\nThe left path has glowing runes,\nThe right path echoes with distant sounds,\nAnd the middle path smells of earth and mystery.\nWhich path will you take? (1 for left, 2 for right, 3 for middle)
You take the left path and find an ancient chest glowing faintly in the darkness.\nWill you open it?(1 for yes, 2 for no)
You found a knife inside the ancient chest.\nWill you take it?(1 for yes, 2 for no)
You take the right path and encounter a swarm of bats.\nWill you fight bats?(1 for yes, 2 for no)
You take the middle path and find a shimmering pool of water; you find an ancient vessel resting at the bottom.\nWill you take it (1 for yes, 2 for no)
You entered into the inner chamber, you found two path:\nA narrow trail swallowed by creeping darkness and whispering fears and,\nA path filled with blooming flowers and melodies of singing birds.\nWhich one you will go? (1 for darker path, 2 for the other)
You take the vibrant path. Then you found an old poor lady, she's selling apples.\nWill you buy one? (1 for yes, 2 for no)
You take the narrow trail. Then you found 3 weapons inside the mystery box, a bomb, a mace, and an arrow.\nChoose one. (1 for bomb, 2 for mace, 3 for arrow)
You continue walking, you find two paths: the left path has a soft singing sound, while the right path echoes with cries for help.\nWhich path will you go? (1 for left, 2 for right)
You come across a quaint little bamboo house. An old lady is standing in her garden, humming a soft, melodic tune. When she notices you, she gives a friendly smile and invites you to her home. Will you go with her? (1 for yes, 2 for no)
She treats you to a delicious roasted chicken dinner and refreshing drinks.\nAfter a restful stay, you feel revitalized, and your health is fully restored.
You continue walking and discover a fearsome fire dragon guarding a captured princess. This dragon is immensely powerful and dangerous. After defeating the dragon, you could save the princess and become a hero.